# bug-free-guacamole
I like my avocado blitzed, not in chunks. So you'll forgive me for segue-waying around your desperate need for an audience 
missy Molyneux mole-on-chin, profit-sighing under a false flag labelled "Pension Plan ennui". Since, first of all, there are
not enough pluggers for the kind of septic splash derangement from House Sparrow chick mutes... falling onto the rockabye
bluegrass bro's grim-faced gargoyle guttering, to prove that your milk river has anything more to it than a Cuckoo Clock
spoil-sport wind-up for the non-essential gag-reels. Given that it's about alien eggs being laid to push out the real deal!
Along with the horrible white stuff falling from the trees. What side effects do you expect? Lolling-over-from-being-maxed
-out with glibly adopted tourettes syndrome or something? Or other evidence that points to the fact that the tail is still
wagging the dog around here! And that such counterproductive 'activity' takes place under the auspices of that drear as any
thing Sycamore Grove your prating prune-faced buffoonery of yesteryear relied on, to avoid being spitted into receivership
with the other stalking horse paradigms of monetizing bloody brews and bilge-rat buds of husk voiced belligerence for dumb
freaks to get a boner over. Is it any surprise that now the walls are closing in, when a disproportionate economy swelled
obscenely with war profiteered price indexes that tell a story indeed about reaping from other people's misfortune. Tabbed
every single purchased incentive burgeoned from the tax relieved profit margins grown out of gormless glutting on the most
orgiastic criminality that would use daylight robbery around stiff upper lipped indifferentism. Not regulating the puppy fat
pudenda F.G.M's as a kind of bodycount is a mistake that you'll live to regret. Burgling people blind using those Ninjitsu
wannabe oozing shills that crawled through their own mud to the primrose way to abuse peoples trust like that. How dare you!
And it's not like we were running away from liasing duties, head-hunting for pariahs to give us their rant. Who were lucky
enough to be invited out on a sabbatical for a charity benefit. Disenfranchised folk like us with similar stories weren't
supposed to be out on the town with those rugrats whimpering in blanketed cooeing crude stuff. Courtesy of that most EVIL
Countess Bathory. Whether this oversight was as-per-her-orders who can tell? Knowing that greedy she-goat, it's more likely
that her skinny ass was mulling over stocks and bonds in the last leg of a race, namely an enormous takeover bid, when the 
lapsed-price shares in the aggregious sun-stoked gravadlax game of kicking up a stink with mild laugh twitterings--haven't 
gone completeley the way these gullible scandal-mill soliciting vagaries of 'Rent a ghost' totally desired.
